I think one of the things we miss most in life is good mentors and the
ability to accept mentor ship from someone else one of the best mentors
I ever had was head senior navy officer to me anyway see when I
became an instant he was a Lieutenant Commander and the first active
duty I did with him after I got my commission we went to Pensacola
and we had to proceed every day three gate to get on base and the gate
was manned not by military personnel but by civilian security guards
that's wasn't the way it was when I was in the service but was
there and they did a very bad job they were slovenly they didn't seem
to be paying attention to what was going on sometimes she had to get
their attention to even check your ID Sir here on base I just thought
they were done a terrible job so we got ready to leave they passed
out he formed a bunch of us who'd been on active duty there and
on the foreman said tell us what your experience here and if there's
anything you think should be changed clothes no and I said to the senior
officer who is my mentor I really get a lot of have about that
from Kate they did a bad job out here and they need to know what somebody
needs to fix that and he said stop do not do that he said if
there was a problem in the main gate you should fix it yourself or you
should have told somebody when you first got here about it but my
advice would have been know that C. operational issue somebody from
outside helmet was broken would not help and it would just make it
worse and he said that slot that they give you on that form they're
gonna have to write a fitness report for you when you leave here about
what you accomplish that form is their input into the fitness report
to go right holy cow that's important as how you get promoted this
could finish so I sat down to write my fitness report and I wrote
I came here to learn the most marvelous stuff I came and learn things
that will do me the very well in the rest of my career I keep things
I can reply immediately to my fictional duties as an officer bom
bom bom and when I got my room fitness supportive my home unit some
month later so guess what those exact words were my fitness for ensign
Davis came here and learned some wonderful stuff Benson Davis can
use his stuff in his professional and I thought I'd that was good
advice